 Hi, I'm Emily Johnson. I'm why I need to talk about the different areas in the marketing industry. Um, so the first area I want to talk about is uh, the direct marketer, which is like a position, usually in a company such as Sony or Nike, for example, like a product manager who wants to create a concept of the product, or the, they're trying to sell. Usually however, they can't, the product manager, um, won't be able to create the concept completely by themselves. So they usually have to outsource to an advertising agency. Um, and then the advertising agency comes up with the actual concepts for that, the advertisement. Yeah, to be put on TV and like commercial or something like that. For example, companies, um, like advertising agencies are usually large companies in big cities like New York City or Chicago or Los Angeles or something like that. Um, so, then, that after the advertising agency, there's the, um, media and media selling companies usually sell opportunities for the different advertisements, on different forms of media. Um, so, for example, if you, if you wanna, um, like if you want to have a commercial on TV, the media selling company would come to you and offer you the different numbers, um, representing, um, how many people view certain channels at certain times of day and you would use those numbers to decide which, um, time of day is best for your company to purchase on which channel, um, or they might also sell you different opportunities on like websites, to run an online advertisement or, um, they might sell space in newspapers magazine. So, um, now I'm gonna talk about, um, the different fields and co-years within these, um, different areas of the marketing industry. Um, like, first of all, everybody usually thinks about advertising when they think about marketing. So, the first thing now I'm gonna go into is advertising and different careers and advertising that you can have. Um, so basically, um, the advertising agencies, like I talked about for the, uh, create promotional campaigns for Boom, um, the careers and advertising, and usually very competitive, and they don't start out with a lot of money. You don't make a lot of money. You kind of have to work your way up. First, there's, um, when you first enter a marketing agency, I mean, and it's using advertising agencies, you could be a copywriter and club with concepts for advertisements, or you could be an art director, and the symbol of the layout of the advertisements, um, you could also be a creative director who's like the top art director. They administer all the advertising campaigns, um, then you can also be an executive who's the link between the client and advertising agency. Um, and they basically try to keep the client happy with the agencies working, make sure that the agency reflecting all the different, um, you know, different concepts for the product that the original client wants. It wants to be in the advertisement. Um, also at the advertising, it involves an advertising field as media buying. And there are the people who look at the different forms of media to say which one will be most beneficial for the client, like, um, it's a client wants to reach a younger, demographic, or if they want to reach, um, some, the middle class or something like that, depending on who the client wants to reach, and how much money they want to spend, and how many people they want to get their out of up to, um, that's how they would determine, um, what form of media is the best, and that's what a media buyer would do. Um, the next major field in, um, marketing is product management. And they're usually the direct marketer in the, um, in the original client company, so these are just like a product manager for someplace like Walmart, or, you know, so many, like I was saying before their response will be for managing and strengthening all of their brands. Um, so basically they control business and marketing activities such as research and development, packaging manufacturing sales, advertisements, etc., to create their way in which for their product. Um, hard management is also a difficult field to get into, usually you need many years of working in sales, and, um, a master's in business administration, um, before you can be considered for project management. Um, usually newcomers, these positions are put on a brand team and do it for the way up to brand manager. Um, another traditional marketing field is retail, and some careers in retail include working at stores, such as chasing petting target, the gap Walgreens, um, as you, like a manager truly or a manager. You're also working sales trying挺 sell your client, your, your, um, trying to sell your product to a client. And, um, you could also be a buyer, we select the products that go on the shelves of the store. The last field that I researched was the market research field, and this field combines psychology and marketing, um, usually, you work in advertising agency, and you analyze the different quality of the beneath the quantitative data to determine how to promote a product, so you're looking for like, like what customers want, um, and how to incorporate things like that, and the advertisements of your product, so like, um, and also, like, you look at, reasoned, like, why you're different commercials work, you want to, um, have advertisements that are going to appeal to different customers, and that's basically a market research tries to figure out, and for this career, Becka, also a master's in business administration, it's very helpful, and you also have to be very good at analyzing data, um, so yeah, that's interesting field in marketing. So that's, that's my research on marketing industry.